Carnive Carnival 25th anniversary project.
Interviewer Steve Fletcher.
Interviewee John, whose surname I forget.
Is Bennett.
Is Bennett, that's fine.
We'll come to the spelling in a moment.
The day today, it's the 3rd of December 2015.
And the venue for the interview is the illustrious and somewhat unflamboyant Swicker office.
John, would you be kind enough to spell your name in full for the record?
J-O-H-N-B-E-N-N-E-T-T.
Thank you much indeed.
You're a first time participant in the Carnival.
We've had the pleasure of your company for one year only and that was this summer 2014.
Could you tell us your story?
How did you make contact with the Carnival and tell us about your Carnival experience?
I've always loved the Carnival in Cardiff.
It's always been brilliant.
I've always followed it with my younger daughter.
And this year I've had the opportunity to perform in it.
I found out about the Carnival through my sister-in-law, Catherine Doyle.
And went to the workshop and took my younger daughter, who's five now.
We had a brilliant time.
It was so good just to meet all the different people and to see all the different schemes taking shape from the beginning to the end.
And my daughter just loved it.
There was loads of different people, loads of things for little girls to play with, material and glue and glitter.
It was just fabulous. It was really, really fabulous.
What I did, what I made was a moon.
And the idea, the scheme of our dance was the Moths following the moon.
So I had the glory of being a big full moon with all these little Moths dancing and jumping behind me.
It was amazing, absolutely amazing.
I shall always think of you as a celestial body, John.
So having played the moon and had an entire tribe of carnival dancing Moths around you,
what plans, if any, do you have for future involvement in the carnival?
Well, I just loved every second of it.
I loved the rhythm, I loved the dance, I loved all the people from every stage of Cardiff that got involved.
I think it should be celebrated and more people should do it.
Once in your life you should at least do a carnival.
Next year I want to go bigger, I want to go better, I want to be more glitzy.
I want to have movement, I want to have shape.
I've seen such amazing structures being created this year, just out of string, bits of rope and materials.
I want to do something like that.
I want to be moving, I want to be shaking and glittering.
So yeah, I'm not quite sure if I want to do a celestial solar scape.
I'm not sure if I want to do an animal.
Big, beautiful flamboyant carnival.
Backpack based.
Or even bike based.
I like it already.
I'm all for that.
And something I can encourage my daughter in as well, so we can be a two person team.
On a bicycle, built up with a big costume.
I like it already.
John, you're a carnival hero.
Thank you very much for the interview.
We look forward to seeing you on Two to Four Wheels with your daughter next summer.
I can't wait.
Take a bath.